before we begin let me start by saying
this is the story of a midlife crisis in
the middle of a kidnapping
the styles of our movie today are
everybody that was in the first movie
plus frasier
john cusack's sister and that guy that
pooled the scrooge at jurassic park
play our story begins with buzz as a
character in a video game where he still
looks like a toy
but why does he look like a toy when he
should look like a video game character
i'll tell you what it looks like he
looks like a man who is impervious to
g's and atmospheric entry because he's
just flying all over god's green space
and entering through the atmosphere
without his whole damn face melted off
and then landing his happiness on
what planet is this well hell if i know
and then he almost
dies and then it done
and then he almost dies and then they
don't because they got a belt and make
him float
and then he almost dies and then he do
leave him behind a little steaming pile
of poo back in the real make believe
world woody is having himself a major
meltdown
he can't find his cowboy hat and he's
afraid if he can't find it
and it will go to cowboy camp and just
leave his old lanky ass at home
and every time the joint gets it except
these two spuds over here trying to make
some tater tots
into the fur covered colon terrorizing
the toys
oh mr and mrs still getting it on and
then five minutes of playtime and buzz
sabotages with his chances to get back
in the saddle again
don't believe me look rewind that
now slow it down
okay huggy buggy close companions
friendly fellows and yank
oh buzz you a dirty little steaming pile
of poo
jealous cause ain't no space ranger camp
pilgrim look at him when woody gets
shelved trying to act out innocent i
always knew he was a douche
nobody has a nightmare that traumatized
me the first time i saw it
and that's all i have to say about that
and then this poor little smoking
penguin sounded like he done caught the
cove is like
some call me weezy would you when you
know how sensitive i am about my asthma
what's the point of all this anyway we
all gonna end up in the same place
this movie makes everyday adults do seem
very evil
well you know what they say you don't
tug on evil's earth cape
you don't straddle the bobwhite fence
you don't with the friends of the
unknown woody and you charge at least 50
cents
i mean you mark that down to 25
cents some old big gonna walk up and be
like
i only have a dime then what is like
guess a yankee
from this little grumpy child whose mama
just throws him onto the table to be
found by evil al mcquiggan
and the owl steals him and now they all
mcwigan
then buzz does some investigating
probably to cover up the fact that he
intentionally dismembered his own friend
because he's a jealous
astronaut and he finally answers the
age-old question
why did the chicken cross the road to
try and get his hands on somebody else's
woody
gross woody awakens to find himself
trapped on the top floor of a multi-toy
store rebuilding and to make matters
worse he's surrounded by the cast of
children of the cone
and woody just sit there like i gotta
get the up out of this up
country
until they stroke his
little woody ego
so buzz and buddies find out where woody
is and buzz is like
i'm buzz lightyear and if i don't try to
save woody
i'm gonna look like a pretentious
so they head out on an adventure to find
a friend buzz stabbed in the stuffing
and after what he sees the show where
the prospector is stuck in a cave full
of dynamite what is like
i want to see what happened because i'm
approaching senility and can't remember
well since it's a kid's tv show i'm
pretty sure they didn't leave the
prospector to turn rump ropes
then woody sees the collection of toys
devoted to his celebrity status
only to find out he's about to be sold
to a museum
in japan except he wants to get back to
his owner who left his lanky ass on that
shelf with that asthmatic squeaky bird
so woody embarks on a mission to save
his arm and who should accompany him but
his noble steed
so then bullseye gives him a hand and
then he gives himself a hand
then he gets himself his hand and then
when the tv comes on he lose himself a
hand
again then when he thinks jesse turned
on the tv what is like
be you about to get yourself a hand and
woody gets set up in a little chair
where he gets to see all up the nostrils
of a man who repairs his arm
paints over his bald spot and polishes
his shelly
and now he's jacked and stacked and
about to get packed and this way you
find out they should have called this
movie sob story
when some dumber dumps you
you turn so damn pitiful
and now i whine forever
with a broken heart
since she dumped
me pitiful
i know right i meant y'all singing
i know right and so the prospect is like
listen you and your little woody bits
are about a 50 years old
andy only likes you because it's 1999
here yet discovered booty and in about
20 years kids ain't gonna want to play
with some old lanky raggedy
cowboy doll modeled after jimmy stewart
because they won't even know who the
hell that is
or what a good movie looks like or what
it's like to even go to the damn movies
because their government will be one big
pickup that lets the pandemic rage
uncheck
and you gonna catch it woody and what it
just sit there like
i am 50 years old and i'm just a
damn toy couldn't even buy a sports car
or my wife knew titties if i wanted to
because my woman's just a bow peep doll
she's already made a plastic
then he tries to cover up his
disappointment of his midlife crisis by
pretending he's sacrificing for the rest
of the losers
meanwhile buzz and his posse make their
way to the toy story
where mr potato head is still thirsty
buzz discovers what it's like to deal
with his pretentious
self and upon his escape free's the bad
guy who wants to spank that little
plastic
fanny and they all take a fantastic
voyage in mr mcquiggins car
and buzz follows them across the street
and the new buzz is a douche too
and the new buzz is a douche too and the
new bus
is a douche too and the real buzz is
like come on what a time to get the
up out of the up country
it was like but i used to
be a tv star
and people love me and mr demille i'm
ready for my close-up
everybody's like listen pilgrim it's
clear you're a little high on something
maybe yourself maybe your midlife crisis
or maybe then paint fumes that old man
with the bushy eyebrows used to make you
look like you young
again instead of the 50 year old
goodwill bargain been fought you are
but when the fumes wear off you'll
remember the lesson you taught me
nothing's better than being played with
grass
it was like i'm not a smart toy but i
know what love is
so what just leaves what is bony just
sitting there on a roll of tape
and the fumes finally wear off and we're
just like
y'all come home with me where you can be
used spit on lifting the floor unable to
be your true selves as long as some
dumbass human is watching
then eventually devalued and discarded
after getting chewed up by some fur
covered colon that is more value than
you because dogs are small enough to let
somebody know they are actually alive
but the prospect is having none of this
because he knows all too well what it's
like to be the roundup gang's equivalent
of chris kirkpatrick
but of course we need one last action
sequence to scare the little children
so would in the game get packed up as
buzzing his gang encounters zerg who is
evil and a pretentious
and they go to the airport somehow with
the help of them little booger-colored
bastards
and mr potato head literally shits
himself
grass look at the prospector he don't
got a full cone child now
and then they put him in amy's backpack
who the hell is amy
i don't know but her mama's name
probably karen and there's a long
chase skip and they get home somehow
and andy loves his new toys and buzz
won't skip played with
by jesse and don't y'all dare pretend
i'm the pervert when disney mimics
buzzes equivalent of the stiff one-eyed
i know right and both people with his
bulging biceps ignoring the fact that
it's an
implant and proving that dogs are also
shallow and the mr and mrs adopt the
boogie colored bastards who aren't
bastards no more
and now they're going to be getting
plenty busy but with all them kids
floating around they won't be making any
more tights of their own
and wheezy gets fixed and suddenly can
sing like his
got a show in vegas and his name dean
martin and then what is like
well someday andy will give me up to
some kid named bonnie and then someday
i'll leave bonnie
so this is our last happy ending you
pretentious
the end be sure to like share and
subscribe for your regular buzz of meth
thank you to these fine patrons who
contribute ten dollars or more per month
to keep this channel buzzing
ros griez kelly s tina d
bethany c karo s brian p
christine k david m o anna m
kennedy chupacabra f wanna
ptf j adrian p anonymous
bh allison l melanie m and autumn
m for movies explained for
i'm jeb dyer
sorry about that dime